
0) Allow player to click the info icon to reacht he place


1) Database tables for products and formula list


Add calendar, add password feature

QR code


Real world app for keeping ERP. 



0) Maize for asking questions health, mind and body
1) Scoring per element: Ruzzel style? Money? Some kind of reward for finishing each element



Loan element:
Make some selection and other SHG members tell you if those estimates were correct

Highlight the key when the player received the new key


Health centers:
0) Vitamins
1) Sanitry pads
2) Posters (baby health, washing hands, eating fruits, sleep well, ) :::: Rotate them
3) Table
4) Cabinet
5) 




Health elements:
0) Every now and then reduce health and prompt the user to do certain activities (eat, get vitamins etc)
1) Thinking bubble (where a question is asked? and the player selects things from multiple options)
2) Memory games
3) 




0) When the player is angry, everything has an angry face like flowers will have angry face. 
1) For some feelings, the player may have to take a timeout (use system time for that).


Add random events like baskets were stolen. Then make the player spend some money on infrastructure like locks.


Check if we can skip openERP UI to update data



Add health points
	-- If the health points cross a threshold, increase the health bar length


Trigger health events based on what events they have already handled, so that there is a balanced approach in how we make them do certain health tasks.

Talk to Alethia to decide how to represent the symptoms (voice/visual)

Create https certificate, 


In TileCard, when you click it looks flip

September 26th: Advisory counsil and them go to India
October 9th: Coming back
October 24th: Meeting in China with Walmart


Meetings:
Health
Story elements: Technical meeting.
Technical requirements fullfilled? Works on mobile, and looks fine and so on.

Talk to Alethia, and see if we can do animations rather than using videos

Setup openERP on iseek

Update the website, and check if we can keep it updated.


See if we can host it on Google AppEngine : Nope

Check if openERP API can support transactions

HR salary (complicated as employees are partner)


Check if we can use the mobile tilting to move things around


We will have 4 inch screen and 5 inch screen both.


Health bar, change the color to green from red (or a mixture)

Add trash bins in the village

Add slow and fast speed for Mira

Add blinking 

Take picture for SHG members and using app

Internationalize the language

Visual pointer to where the player needs to go

Trash (we already have components). Show a pile of junk as well, and penalize the player when the player throws the trash to the pile and reward when they throw it in the trash bin.


Back button


Scale the game according to the screen


Save and restore stage


Sync product information with openERP (and formula list)

Add the first screen which asks if the player wants to go for learning or running the real game

Priority:
0) Entering personal information (including photos of the player)
1) Entering the product information (including formula)
2) Sale/Purchase activivities (pull in informtion from the openERP) (send text messages/emails to the senders/buyer)
3) Profit/Loss information
4) Add/remove SHG members
5) Pick trash from the village
6) 




Write the README file
Define how to store the element state
Instead of fetching all the information from the server, let server tell the client which data has changed, and the client can fetch only that.
Load the finished elements js file only on request

What happens if a player logs in from another device when the previous device hasn't synced yet? Discard changes from one of the device.


